READ-ME
AUTHOR: Mahesh Karra
DATE: May 10, 2022

INTRODUCTION
This replication package reproduces the results for the paper entitled "The causal effect of a family planning intervention on women’s contraceptive use and birth spacing,"
which is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), DOI: https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2200279119.

This package contains 4 Stata Do-Files (.do) that replicate the tables in the main paper, 1 R-script that replicates Figure 2 in the main paper, and 2 Stata Data Files (.dta),
one that produces the descriptive tables and ITT analysis and the other that produces the survival analysis results. 

FILE AND FOLDER SET-UP:
1. Save all files (data sets, do files) in the same folder. 
2. Create a subfolder named Results in the folder where these files are saved.

To run each do file, open the .do file in Stata, change the filepath to the directory where the files are saved (line 11 in the do-files), and then execute the do-file 
in Stata by clicking on Run. The outputs of each file will be stored in the "Results" folder.

DO-FILES
The .do files are as follows: 
	1. DO_1_WAVE_1_BALANCE:
		This .do file replicates the top panel of the balance table in the paper, Table 1. This top panel compares outcomes in wave 1, at baseline. There are 
		two outputs from this do-file:
		a. TABLE1_PANEL1_BAL.rtf produces an RTF Word document with the balance table results that compares outcomes between treatment and control observations.
		b. TABLE1_PANEL1_MEAN.rtf produces an RTF Word document with the overall sample mean for each of the outcomes that are compared in the balance table.
		Expected run time: 10 seconds
	2. DO_1_WAVE_1_BALANCE:
		This .do file replicates the bottom panel of the balance table in the paper, Table 1. This bottom panel compares outcomes in wave 3, at endline. There are 
		two outputs from this do-file:
		a. TABLE1_PANEL2_BAL.rtf produces an RTF Word document with the balance table results that compares outcomes between treatment and control observations.
		b. TABLE1_PANEL2_MEAN.rtf produces an RTF Word document with the overall sample mean for each of the outcomes that are compared in the balance table.
		Expected run time: 10 seconds	
	3. DO_3_MAIN_RESULTS
		This .do file creates the main intent-to-treat (ITT) results of the paper, presented in Table 2. Theere are two outputs from this do-file:
		a. TABLE2_1.rtf, which produces the results presented in the top panel of Table 2, which estimates the impact of the intervention on FP outcomes (contraceptive use, 
		method mix).
		a. TABLE2_2.rtf, which produces the results presented in the bottom panel of Table 2, which estimates the impact of the intervention on short pregnancy intervals.
		Expected run time: 30 seconds.
	4. DO_4_SURVIVAL_RESULTS
		This .do file creates the results from the survival analysis, presented in Table 3. There is one output from this do-file:
		a. TABLE3.rtf, which produces the results in Table 3 from the Cox Proportional Hazards model, estimating the impact of the intervention on the hazard of a short
		pregnancy interval
		Expected run time: 5 seconds
	5. R_5_MFPS_FIGURE_2
		This R script creates the Kaplan-Meier plot, Figure 2. There is one output from this do-file:
		a. FIGURE2.pdf, which produces the Kaplain-Meier plot, Figure 2.
		Expected run time: 20 seconds

QUESTIONS?
Please direct any questions regarding this replication package to the corresponding author. 

Correspoding Author:
Mahesh Karra
Pardee School of Global Studies
Boston University
mvkarra@bu.edu